feat: enable consistency options support by default & disable associated exp flag (#1889)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> * Consistency options has been moved out of experimental and is now enabled by default. The associated experimental option has been removed. [#1889](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1889)
>   - See [#1764](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1764) for full details on this feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consistency options experimental flag has been removed and is now enabled by default. Refer to the [consistency options feature PR](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1764) for usage details. [#1889](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/1889)
```
